today we'll be unboxing the Razer
DeathAdder black addiction addiction
maybe I'm addicted to mice no probably
not
we're gonna be unboxing the Razer
DeathAdder Black Edition which is
probably very difficult for you guys to
read the Box up so I'll read it for you
it features a true ergonomic
right-handed design 3,500 dpi infrared
sensor many people prefer the infrared
sensors to the laser sensors i
personally don't but that's that's
definitely a selling point and 1000
hertz ultra poling which is the maximum
supported by the USB interface there's a
new sensor familiar form factor okay so
the old DeathAdder was released way way
back when and what they've pretty much
done here is they've upgraded the look
upgraded the sensor there is an on black
edition featuring the 3500 there are the
3.5 G infrared sensor but this is not it
okay this is pretty much everything we
said before four times more precision
than a standard 800 dpi mouse cool on
the back we see a bunch of stuff that we
can talk about once we actually open up
the product and finally there's a
message from Razer guy sweet okay so
this is part of their essential tier of
products so what that means is it's a
more of a value product more what you
need to get fragging done rather than
featuring a bunch of frills and gimmicks
and extra accessories personally I like
frozen gimmicks but I also like
inexpensive products so I'm kind of torn
which one I prefer Razer packaging
always excellent so it's all black
inside to go with the Black Edition
theme of this particular product go
ahead so inside here we're gonna
probably find the usual spiel inside so
congratulations there's no turning back
you own Razer now though the cult dot
raises own DOM and all that good stuff
you got a QuickStart guide you got a
master guide you got a product catalog
showing you a bunch of the Razer stuff
that you'll probably also like because
you bought this after all and finally
you've got some Razer stickers which I
used to think we're UV but it turns out
they are not disappointing but not that
big of a deal I suppose in the big
picture so I'm gonna go ahead pick up
this plastic right here where hopefully
I'm not going to reflect it and show the
cameraman who is helping me today so
let's have a look at the actually let's
start here so we've got a gold-plated
connector bold you know here's something
I should talk about Gold is not actually
the best conductor so some people
believe that you use gold on connectors
because it's the best conductor actually
silver is a better conductor than gold
the reason we use gold is because it's
soft and malleable so even when you
insert it and unplug it from your
computer a lot of times it's still going
to make good contact because it's so
soft it'll just reform itself according
to whatever is is brushing up against it
so you have a nice good contact surface
area on there okay you've got a nice
braided cable here so it's not gonna
snag on stuff whenever you're sliding
the mouse across your table I mean it's
not a wireless mouse so you do have to
take that into account the DeathAdder is
most optimal for a palm type grip so a
palm type grip means you're making
contact with the entire mouse as you lay
your hand down on it it means that you
operate the buttons using pretty much
your whole finger not just the fingertip
like you would with a fingertip or a
claw grip okay the Death Adder does not
have any buttons on the side although it
does have like a grippy durable sweat
proof II feeling finish on this side
this is more of a traditional hard
plastic and then over on the other side
we find more grip enos so that means
that your fingers that are on the side
to hold and control the mouse are going
to have an easy time gripping it even if
you have to lift it off of your mousing
surface we have forward and back buttons
on the side although you could set those
to other functionality should you so
desire your standard left and right
click your mouse scroll wheel as well as
a mouse click on the bottom of the mouse
you find your model number product
number rating which is the voltage that
it takes and you find a little bit of
information about your sensor so you got
your 3.5 G infrared sensor precision
3,500 dpi you've also got some slippy
pads which are one two three so they're
little ones but really that doesn't make
that much of a difference in terms of
either friction or in terms of dirt
so I wouldn't worry too much about that
one way or the other and I think that's
pretty much all I have to say about the
Death Adder Black Edition right now
thank you for checking out my unboxing
and don't forget to subscribe to Linus
tech tips from our unboxings reviews and
other computer videos